Add documentation for Telemetry2U (#841)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/integrations/cloud-integrations/telemetry2u/index.md

1. [Activate a 14-day free trial](https://telemetry2u.com/Identity/Account/Manage/Subscriptions) or create a PAYG plan with Telemetry2U.
1. Devices already added to The Things Stack under an application.

## Add Device to Telemetry2U
First, [login to your Telemetry2U account](https://telemetry2u.com/Identity/Account/Login) and navigate to __Node Maintenance__ via __Admin__ from the top menu.

Click the __Create New__ link in the top right corner to add a new LoRaWAN device.

Complete the form as required.  The __Description__, __Profile__, __Device EUI__, __Network Provider__ and __Device Configuration__ are the minimum requirements. If your device is currently unsupported leave __Device Configuration__ at the default value.  Click the __Create__ button when complete.

![Add a device in Telemetry2U](add-device.png "Add a device in Telemetry2U")

## Setup The Things Stack Integration
From your Telemetry2U account, navigate to __Setup Integration__ via __Admin__ from the top menu. Select __The Things Network__ from the __Network Provider__ drop down box and hit the __Add Integration__ button.

![Add an integration](add-integration.png "Add an integration")

> Select the __Region__ your TTN account is registered under and make a copy of the __Telemetry2U Token__ with the __Copy to clipboard__ button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the **Region** your {{% tts %}} account is registered under and make a copy of the **Telemetry2U Token** with the **Copy to clipboard** button.
```

> Retrieve your __Application ID__ from The Things Stack and enter it into the __Application ID__ field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve your application ID from {{% tts %}} and enter it into the **Application ID** field.
```

> The __API Key__ won't be known until the TTN integration has been created so click the __Save__ button and leave the browser tab open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **API Key** won't be known until {{% tts %}} integration has been created, so click the **Save** button and leave the browser tab open.
```

> ![Setup the integration](setup-integration.png "Setup the integration")

Reviewer: the application ID entered in this screenshot is "ttn-integration", while on screenshots showing TTS you're using the "test" app, so please be consistent there and change this screenshot to show the application ID "test", otherwise users might think that those two things are different

> Log into The Things Stack and open your application.  Using the side menu, navigate to __Webhooks__ via __Integrations__ and click the __Add webhook__ button in the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log into {{% tts %}} and open your application.  Using the side menu, navigate to **Webhooks** under **Integrations** on the left hand menu and click the **Add webhook** button in the top right corner.
```

> ![TTN Webhook](ttn-webhook.png "TTN Webhook")
> 
> Choose __Telemetry2U__ as the webhook template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose **Telemetry2U** Webhook template.
```

> Use __telemetry2u__ as the __Webhook ID__ and enter the __Telemetry2U Token__ you copied to the clipboard earlier. This will be an alphanumeric string approximately 100 characters long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use **telemetry2u** as the **Webhook ID** and enter the **Telemetry2U Token** you copied to the clipboard earlier. This will be an alphanumeric string approximately 100 characters long.
```

> Use The Things Stack side menu to navigate to __API Keys__, click the downlink API key and copy the __Key ID__ from there into the __API Key__ section back on the integration configuration page on Telemetry2U. Click the __Save__ button to complete the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use {{% tts %}} left hand menu to navigate to **API Keys**, select the downlink API key and copy its **Key ID** into the **API Key** section in the integration configuration page on Telemetry2U. Click the **Save** button to complete the integration.
```

![TTN API](ttn-api.png "TTN API")

> __Congratulations__ your integration is now complete and once data has been received by TTN it should become available under the [Reports Page](https://telemetry2u.com/Reports). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Congratulations**! Your integration is now complete and once data has been received by {{% tts %}}, it should become available under the [Telemetry2U Reports Page](https://telemetry2u.com/Reports). 
```

> If you're using an unsupported device you can select __Raw Data__ as the report type to confirm data is being received. You may then forward a copy of the device documentation including the packet format to Telemetry2U support and we'll get device support added ASAP. Please also include the EUI of your device in the e-mail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} If you're using an unsupported device on Telemetry2U, you can select **Raw Data** as the report type to confirm data is being received. You may then forward a copy of the device documentation including the payload format and device EUI to Telemetry2U support and they will get your device's support added ASAP. {{</ note >}}
```

Reviewer: can you please add a link to support page on "Telemetry2U support" phrase in this sentence? or if it's a support email, use this format to link it "[ email ] ( mailto : support @ example.com )" (without blanks)
